I went to every single day and every single
moment of the court case. This was the first
time I actually witnessed right in front of me
state intention to lie, to deceive, to gaslight...
The embedded misogyny, the homophobia, the
transphobia, the arrogance of the police...
Again, because of the tone of the way the police had
beentalking about these things... Very much felt like,
kind of, a moral panic of, “They’ve got to close
down these sex rooms in case someone unknowingly
wandered in,” which was impossible. It was
made very clear that this was a sexual space,
and that there was going to be naked people
and there was going to be sexual activity, and
you could not walk in there
and be surprised bythat.
The two people who had this liquor permit,
I know one of them very well. This person will
not cross the street if there isn’t a light,
a green light. They are a law-and-order person.
They shut down that bar before one o’clock. The
police lied. They lied that it was open after one
o’clock in the morning.
And I knew that that was
false because, number one, the male officers came
in before one o’clock in the morning. I’m pretty
sure that last call was 1:00 a.m. at that time.
But I know that they absolutely were not serving
beyond the legal hours.
I think they had to comeup with something because
they had to justify them coming into the space,
so they lied.
I feellike they were talking about specific scenes
of sex that were happening in the bathhouse
that didn’t happen. Played it out like it was,
like, Caligula. I don’t know what it was
specifically, but that was the feeling like,
“That is so not true. Absolutely did not happen.”
You know, I’ve watched enough television shows,
but this is real life. This is watching cops
lie, point blank, on the stand.
You know, I had grown up thinking that the police were
on myside and they were a place to turn when I needed
help, and it was that moment that I realized, not
necessarily, that they may also do harm, and I’m
really fortunate that I was in my late twenties
before I felt that knowledge, that I was part
of a community that I could not absolutely count
on the police helping me instead of harming me.